A Veteran's spouse, widow or widower,
minor children and under certain conditions,
unmarried adult children with disabilities
may also be eligible for burial.
Eligible spouses and children may be buried
even if they predecease the Veteran.
VA operates 135 national cemeteries,
and 33 soldiers lots and monument sites in 40 states
and Puerto Rico.
More than four million Americans, including Veterans
of every war and conflict, are buried in VA's
national cemeteries.
VA also provides funding to establish, expand,
improve and maintain 105 Veterans cemeteries
in 47 states and territories,
including tribal trust lands, Guam and Saipan.